fix: reworking the user-guide sections about IDEs (#2399)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/selecting-a-workspace-ide.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:navtitle: Selecting a workspace IDE
:description: Selecting a workspace IDE
:keywords: user-guide, selecting, IDE
:page-aliases: select, selecting, editor, ide, vs-code, visual-studio, visual-studio-code, jetbrains, intellij, pycharm, theia, che-theia

[id="selecting-a-workspace-ide_{context}"]
= Selecting a workspace IDE

> The in-browser IDE in a new workspace is by default link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia].

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing this sentence, the wording seems a bit off to me. How about: "The default in-browser IDE in a new workspace is Eclipse Theia."

Author: Thank you. Fixed as you suggested.

> You can select another supported in-browser IDE by either method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select another supported in-browser IDE by the following methods:
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, but I have to introduce these as (mutually exclusive) alternatives, and `the following methods` doesn't have the same meaning.

* When you start a new workspace by visiting a URL, you can choose an IDE for that workspace by adding the `che-editor` parameter to the URL. See xref:selecting-an-ide-by-using-a-url-parameter.adoc[].

> * You can set and specify an IDE choice in the `.che/che-editor.yaml` file of the Git repository for all new workspaces that will have a clone of that repository. See xref:specifying-an-in-browser-ide-for-a-git-repository-by-using-che-editor.yaml.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can set and specify an IDE in the `.che/che-editor.yaml` file of the Git repository for all new workspaces that will feature a clone of that repository. See xref:specifying-an-in-browser-ide-for-a-git-repository-by-using-che-editor.yaml.adoc[].
```
